There were mixed results.  Net premium
saw a growth of 14% on an annual basis.
On the profit front, an increase of about 29% was
seen on Euro on year basis.
However, the pressure on profits in the motor segment
is expected to continue and there is
stiff competition in the commercial lines, which will have to be discussed in detail.  The
management of ICICI Lombard has joined us.  Gopal Balachandran, the company's CFO, is
now with us.  Mr.
Balachandran, thank you for your time.   To
join us.  Good afternoon to
you.  First of all, I would like to talk about premium growth.
In quarter one it was 6%
compared to industry growth which was 8.8%.
What was the reason behind this and what were the
factors due to which muted
growth was seen here?   The
question is absolutely correct.  What you said about the
industry growth of 8.8%, is there any
impact due to accounting changes in it
or not?  Absolutely correct.  You may remember
that in October last year, the regulator had
brought a change where they had said that
if an insurance company is selling long term policies,
its accounting will be done
on one by one by one prescription.
Age in that if someone has issued a 5 year policy.
A prior to October regulation, when it was
existing, companies could recognize
all the premiums upfront but post October,
you will have to account for your five-year premium every year.  So to that extent there has
definitely been an impact on the industry.
So, the growth of 8.8% that you are
seeing in quarter one, if we remove that number one by one and
look at it on n basis, it would be a reflection of the industry growth of 12.8%.
Similarly,
you have to look at the ICC Labard numbers in
the context. I am using context
because if you see, one is how much you can
grow in terms
of top line and equally how you are
growing it.  As far as you are
growing it profitably or not, if
you look at the last year's numbers
available in the public domain which is
FI 25, the combined ratio of the industry has been
112%.  Which means the
industry is actually losing ₹12 for
every ₹100 of premium collection that the
market is doing.  So when the industry loses
money, it is not a great time for us to
significantly accelerate growth.  So that's the reason
our approach on different segments has been
different.  As in,
where we felt the pricing environment was
reasonable, we have been able to kind of
grow significantly well.  But
where we felt that the pricing environment
is not so favourable, we have been a
bit cautious, our
stance has been a little guarded and that is the reason when you
combine all these numbers, our growth looks like about
6% but if you
look at our bottom line in terms of
combined ratio again as I said the
combined ratio of the industry was 112%
last year, in the last full year the
combined ratio of ICT was around 102% plus
slightly 102% point
8% on a one by one basis.  The same number, if you
look at quarter one,
last year our combined ratio in quarter one on an
end basis was 102.3.
This year's quarter one numbers on a
life to life basis, if you
look at it on an end basis, that number has marginally improved
to 112.2. So from the IC Lamb
standpoint, if we look at it, we will always continue to stay
focused on profitable
growth and therefore, the growth number that you are
seeing has to be viewed in the
context of how good and bad has been our
approach to this selection.
Absolutely Mr. Balachandran, this was about the outlook
but at the same time,
if we talk about the motor segment, growth has been seen but
if we talk about commercial vehicle premiums, there has been a
declining trend of 16 1/2%.   Was
this because of the market slowdown?   This was
due to pricing pressure.   There
was an underwriting strategy.  What were the reasons behind
these numbers?
So again it's a great question because
if you look, there are all three factors.  If you have
noticed that relative to the
new vehicle sales of the market, it has been a while since you see that
if you look at the growth percentage, it
appears to be a little less.  Because the market has been new
vehicle sales have been relatively muted.
So it definitely has an impact.  Because
our industry provides insurance on all the vehicles that are sold.
And there's a section that definitely has an
impact.  Secondly, in
SFS pricing is concerned, there are
two components in the motor.  Motor OD
Motor Third Party Motor Third Party
segment, almost for the last
four years, the market has
not seen a reasonable price increase, so
when we saw in the industry that the
outcome of the loss experience is exhibited relatively,
clearly there is a need for a
price increase, that is why collectively through the
General Insurance Council we have represented to the regulator
that there has to be an
improvement in pricing, so for as motor
third party is a concern,
absolutely so this tech, but at the same time,
if we talk about the market share of the retail health of the company, Mr. Balachandran,
it has increased from 2.9% in quarter one and it has increased
to 3.5%.  The question is whether your
focus is shifting from motor to health
or motor will remain the most important segment
going forward as well.   The
beauty of our business is that
we are Innu, a multi-product multi-
distribution company.  In this we
offer multiple products
to the customers depending on their
requirements and similarly we have
distribution reach,
we
distribute insurance through different distributors.  So here's what's great about this,
and the good thing about this is
that at different points of time, the
pricing environment, the growth environment could be very, very different. So,
having
multiple products, multiple
distribution setups obviously helps
for ICB. But coming to your specific
point, if our focus is
shifting from motor to health, I think the short
answer is no. Both motor and health are
equal for us. As you were talking about, the
market share of retail health has increased
from 9% to almost 3.5%.
That's exactly what we've been talking about for the
last two years, where our focus has been
to expand our distribution
footprint in retail health agencies, in particular.
And at the same time, our
product launches on retail health have been done very well.
You might remember,
in the first quarter of last year, we launched a new product
called Elevate, and that has been
well received by customers and other
stakeholders.  Holders, due to which our
market share has increased from 2.9
to 3.5%, that has been very very very very
positive, but at the same time,
motor is also an asset for us.  It is just that we
obviously see what the market environment is like
at different segments and
Mr. Balachandran the changes in accounting that are taking place
for long term products
how should investors assess growth in FY26 and what will be the internal
metrics that you will be tracking
for real business traction going ahead.
So as I said, from
an I-level standpoint, our effort will be that,
irrespective of accounting,
whatever we have to do, we end up doing the right
risk selection,
which we feel is that a particular
risk is rightly priced.  I think that is the
segment that we will go after and on that basis the
market should kind of continue to
monitor us both on our growth in all
the preferred segments and how I am doing it.
If you have seen in all the
preferred segments, I think we will continue to kind of
grow well but at the same time
what you would also see is our
profitability outcome in terms of
combined ratio, its trajectory will be,
you will continue to see an improvement, however
we will also see
how the market is moving in which direction.
It cannot be that the
market is moving significantly in one direction.
And I limb is operating in
a completely different direction.  We will
obviously operate with in the particular
direction which the market is operating in.  But
what is very, very relevant to the market is
how our combined ratio is improving directionally.
And the second thing which we have spoken even
earlier is the returns which we will
give to the stakeholders which is
return on equity.  We have told the market
that we will be able to operate in the range
of 18 to 20% and if you have seen
in quarter one and this year also, our
return on equity has been roughly around
20%.
I would like to talk to you about the OK prying strategy.  Has
any price increase been
considered for the health portfolio
and has any inspection been done at
ICICI Lo LBAD by IRDAI
related to health insurance.
So if you have again seen that we have
health retail, perhaps your question is
on the direction of retail health.  So, if
I look at it in that context,
our loss ratio range that we have said
in retail health, which we are comfortable
operating at, is between 65 to 70%. Whatever
book we write, it takes time to develop. So, that is why it is always better to look at the
loss ratio experience of the book you are writing. Ideally,
you should look at it on
an annualized basis. If you have seen
for the last year gone by, which is for
FI 25, our loss ratio that
we ended up with on retail health was roughly
at about 68%. And the range that we have talked about in terms
of the loss ratio range that
we are comfortable at is between 65 to 70%.
So that is something that we think we should be able to kind of
operate with even in the current
year.  So this year also, we
feel that the loss ratio range of Retail Health will be
between 65 to 70% for the full year.
Secondly, your question has been that whether there has been
inspection on ICS or not in the health segment, again the
response to this is that I will put this in
context, if you have noticed that for the last
two-three years the regulator has been doing a very okay, okay there is a
time constraint, Mr.
Balachandran, I would like to ask you one last question quickly,
RBI has allowed government state government bonds and particularly
STRIPS which is the coupon option, how will this allow
insurance
companies to manage cash flows and how will they
align income investment, future
payouts and it is better to
talk about a particular asset class for policy holders, again again
I would say that
our insurance regulator has given
flexibility to insurance companies for being able to
invest in different asset classes and now the
choice of insurance companies is on
which instrument they want to invest
and again from an ICOM stand point
our investment has been  In
multiple asset classes, be it equities,
fixed income securities, which
may include government securities,
corporates, or any other
asset class, ethereum. So,
our endeavour will be to try and see if we are able to
diversify also our asset
class of investments where we make our cash
flows generate better returns. But I would
say that the thought process of IC Labord is to make sure that we
make both
reasonable returns on the investments that we
make, but more than that, what we are
equally mindful of is to make sure that
our capital, wherever we
invest, we have to make sure that we do not
run into any default. And
you will be happy to know that in the last 24 years
that we have been in operations, in our history, the
instances of default of IC Labord in our fiat-less securities is zero. We have had any
instance of default in IC Labord.  Our
Investments in the Fixed Income
Security.
Absolutely Balachandran ji, thank you very much for
joining us, for answering our questions
and best wishes to you and ICICI Lombard
for the coming quarter.
So if we talk about ICICI Lombard results,
as per our prediction, mixed results were
seen in terms of score card.
Where gross premium returns were
seen going below expectations.
Yes, if we look at it technically, the stock is quite positively
placed.  Recently a cup
and handle pattern breakout was seen in it.
But after the initial move,
due to the indicators being overbought, we are seeing consolidation since the last one week.
But if you
look at another observation in this, then recently
a golden crossover was also seen in it.
So in this further positive upmove
is expected.  Currently doing consolidation.  If
any dip comes then the strategy will be to buy the dip.
If
you look at the stock, the golden crossover happened in the range of 1950 and 1930.
And there is a
very good base there.  So say bye in deep.
And the breakout target of the recent cup and
handle pattern is
around 2200.  So overall
buyers are positive.  Consolidating.
And if there is a dip in this consolidation then the
strategy will be to buy ICICI LAT.
Ok.  This is a technical view on ICICI LBD.
Currently, the stock is trading at 2019 levels.  After
talking to the management,
we also took a detailed look at their forward looking plans
and now a technical
perspective is also coming from Rajesh ji.
Rajesh, thank you so much for
joining us, answering our questions
and sharing your perspective on the market as well as stock specifics.
And with this,
we are going to wrap up the corporate connection here.